=pod

=head1 NAME

Email::Sender::BccSend - Send email simply, also to Bcc addresses

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Email::Sender::BccSend 'bcc_sendmail';
  my $result = bcc_sendmail $email;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Email::Sender::BccSend> is a wrapper of L<Email::Sender::Simple> that
extracts C<Bcc> headers and sends the message individually to each specified
recipient, similar to how C<Bcc> is commonly handled by email clients. Because
it sends several emails, partial success is always possible.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

All functions are exported on demand.

=head2 bcc_sendmail

  my $result = bcc_sendmail $email;
  my $result = bcc_sendmail $email, $options;

Extracts the C<Bcc> header from the given email, which can be in any format
recognized by L<Email::Abstract>. The email is sent normally by
L<Email::Sender::Simple> without the C<Bcc> header, then sent to each C<Bcc>
recipient individually with a C<Bcc> header containing that recipient. 
Options may be specified the same way as in
L<"sendmail" in Email::Sender::Simple|Email::Sender::Manual::QuickStart>.

If all emails fail to send, an L<Email::Sender::Failure::Multi> exception will
be thrown. Otherwise an L<Email::Sender::Success> object will be returned. If
some emails failed to send or were a partial success, this object will be an
instance of the L<Email::Sender::Success::Partial> subclass.

  use Syntax::Keyword::Try;
  try {
    $result = bcc_sendmail $email;
    if ($result->isa('Email::Sender::Success::Partial') {
      print "partial success\n";
      print $_->message . "\n" foreach $result->failure->failures;
    } else {
      print "success\n";
    }
  } catch {
    print "failure\n";
    print $_->message . "\n" foreach $@->failures;
  }

If the email is passed as an object, this object may have its C<Bcc> header(s)
altered or removed so you should not depend on it remaining unchanged after the
call.

=head2 bcc_try_to_sendmail

  my $result = bcc_try_to_sendmail $email;
  my $result = bcc_try_to_sendmail $email, $options;

Like L</"bcc_sendmail">, but returns false instead of throwing an exception on
failure.

=head1 BUGS

Report any issues on the public bugtracker.

=head1 AUTHOR

Dan Book <dbook@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2018 by Dan Book.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Artistic License 2.0 (GPL Compatible)

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Email::Sender::Manual::QuickStart>

=cut
